Speech is the main way people bond and learn from each other.
The way we speak affects the way we communicate with each other
on the telephone, in movies, and on radio, television, and the Internet.
Supported by the mouse and keyboard,
speech is slowly becoming one of the primary ways we interact with computers.
The technology that allows us to control computers via speech is still very new,
specially when you consider that
the ultimate goal of speech recognition technology
is to make talking to a computer as natural as
talking to another human being.
This requires the computer to both be able to understand human speech,
and to simulate human speech.
Understanding human speech is called speech recognition.
Simulating human speech is called text-to-speech conversion.
When people first started making speech recognition software,
they designed it to take large numbers of incoming phone calls.
This was a good place to start, because recognizing the calls speech meant
recognizing only a few different responses, each suggested by the software.
Text to speech conversion also worked well in telephone systems.
The system usually only had to simulate short, precise phrases.
Short and precise phrases are easier to pronounce
for text to speech conversion systems.
Personal computers are now beginning to do a good job for speech recognition
and text to speech conversion.
Personal computers allow users to complete a wide variety of tasks.
But for all their virtues, computers understand speech differently than human beings.
Computers understand words by analyzing sound waves,
and they understand sentences by judging how likely it is
that certain words will appear next to each other.
The more different things a computer has to listen for,
the harder it is to accurately recognize what a person might say.
On the telephone, a caller is expected to respond to a prompt
with concise information.
In this case, the software usually knows exactly what to listen for,
such as an account number,
a zip code, or a departure city.
Using a computer, people can do many things at any given time.
We can even do many things simultaneously.
We can chat with a friend
and read a news article at the same time.
Since the software doesn't know what we’re doing or what we’ll do next,
it has to assume that we might say just about anything at any give time.
This challenge becomes even more complicated when people dictate to the computer.
The computer has to be ready to recognize anything we might say
even if it has nothing to do with what we just said,
or we’re not dictating but still talking.
Personal computers handle this problem by dividing what a user might say
into commands and dictation.
The computer limits the number of commands we can speak at any given time.
The computer listens only for a small set of commands
that can apply to what we’re doing.
When we’re working on something that allows us to dictate text,
the computer still tries to interpret what we say as a command.
If the computer doesn’t recognize what we say as a command,
it will interpret the speech as dictation.
The computer then enters this dictation into the current program as text.
I have no idea, replied Philip.
I came for information more out of curiosity than anything else.
His immaculate appearance was gone.
Anyway, no one saw her like that.
Philip snatched at the letter which Gregson held out to him.
The men stared into each other's face.
Yes, it was a man who asked, a stranger.
The fourth and fifth days passed without any developments.
They closed now until his fingers were like cords of steel.
He saw Jeanne falter for a moment.
Surely I will excuse you, she cried.
In a flash Philip followed its direction.
It was his intention to return to Eileen and her father.
He would first hunt up Gregson and begin his work there.
What was the object of your little sensation.
But who was Eileen's double.
The promoter's eyes were heavy, with little puffy bags under them.
And now, down there, Eileen was waiting for him.
There has been a change, she interrupted him.
The gray eyes faltered; the flush deepened.
It is the fire, partly, she said.
Then, and at supper, he tried to fathom her.
It was a large canoe.
What if Jeanne failed him.
What if she did not come to the rock.
His face was streaming with blood.
A shadow was creeping over Pierre's eyes.
Scarcely had he uttered the name when Pierre's closing eyes shot open.
A trickle of fresh blood ran over his face.
Death had come with terrible suddenness.
Philip bent lower, and stared into the face of the dead man.
He made sure that the magazine was loaded, and resumed his paddling.
The nightglow was treacherous to shoot by.
The singing voice approached rapidly.
His blood grew hot with rage at the thought.
He went down in midstream, searching the shadows of both shores.
For a full minute he crouched and listened.
He had barely entered this when he saw the glow of a fire.
A big canvas tent was the first thing to come within his vision.
Perhaps she had already met her fate a little deeper in the forest.
Then you can arrange yourself comfortably among these robes in the bow.
Shall I carry you.
A maddening joy pounded in his brain.
You must sleep, he urged.
You, you would not keep the truth from me.
He will follow us soon.
But there came no promise from the bow of the canoe.
She was sleeping under his protection as sweetly as a child.
Only, it is so wonderful, so almost impossible to believe.
The emotion which she had suppressed burst forth now in a choking sob.
If you only could know how I thank you.
He waded into the edge of the water and began scrubbing himself.
Do you know that you are shaking my confidence in you.
Much, replied Jeanne, as tersely.
Instead, he joined her; and they ate like two hungry children.
He was wounded in the arm.
I suppose you picked that lingo up among the Indians.
Her words sent a strange chill through Philip.
He had no excuse for the feelings which were aroused in him.
Was it the rendezvous of those who were striving to work his ruin.
She added, with genuine sympathy in her face and voice.
Pierre obeys me when we are together.
Jeanne was turning the bow shoreward.
My right foot feels like that of a Chinese debutante.
They ate dinner at the fifth, and rested for two hours.
Two years ago I gave up civilization for this.
She had died from cold and starvation.
It was Jeanne singing softly over beyond the rocks.
He was determined now to maintain a more certain hold upon himself.
Each day she became a more vital part of him.
It was a temptation, but he resisted it.
This one hope was destroyed as quickly as it was born.
Her face was against his breast.
She was his now, forever.
Providence had delivered him through the maelstrom.
A cry of joy burst from Philip's lips.
Philip began to feel that he had foolishly overestimated his strength.
He obeyed the pressure of her hand.
I am going to surprise father, and you will go with Pierre.
About him, everywhere, were the evidences of luxury and of age.
Then he stepped back with a low cry of pleasure.
In the picture he saw each moment a greater resemblance to Jeanne.
He told himself that as he washed himself and groomed his disheveled clothes.
Accept a father's blessing, and with it, this.
It seems like a strange pointing of the hand of God.
Such things had occurred before, he told Philip.
Ah, I had forgotten, he exclaimed.
But there was something even more startling than this resemblance.
I have to be careful of them, as they tear very easily.
Of course, that is uninteresting, she continued.
A moment before he was intoxicated by a joy that was almost madness.
Now these things had been struck dead within him.
For an instant he saw Pierre drawn like a silhouette against the sky.
Goodbye, Pierre, he shouted.
And MacDougall was beyond the trail, with three weeks to spare.
Philip thrust himself against it and entered.
MacDougall tapped his forehead suspiciously with a stubby forefinger.
He was smooth-shaven, and his hair and eyes were black.
Won't you draw up, gentlemen.
A strange fire burned in his eyes when Thorpe turned.
He had worshiped her, as Dante might have worshiped Beatrice.
Does that look good.
They look as though he had been drumming a piano all his life.
You want to go over and see his gang throw dirt.
Take away their foreman and they wouldn't be worth their grub.
That's the sub-foreman, explained Thorpe.
Philip made no effort to follow.
He came first a year ago, and revealed himself to Jeanne.
They are to attack your camp tomorrow night.
Two days ago Jeanne learned where her father's men were hiding.
I was near the cabin, and saw you.
Low bush whipped him in the face and left no sting.
Suddenly Jeanne stopped for an instant.
There was none of the joy of meeting in his face.
And when you come back in a few days, bring Eileen.
Gregson had left the outer door slightly ajar.
The date was nearly eighteen years old.
They were the presage of storm.
Down there the earth was already swelling with life.
For the first time in his life he was yearning for a scrap.
She had been thoroughly and efficiently mauled.
Every bone in her aged body seemed broken or dislocated.
Tomorrow I'm going after that bear, he said.
If not, let's say our prayers and go to bed.
So cheer up, and give us your paw.
This time he did not yap for mercy.
And the air was growing chilly.
Don't you see, I'm chewing this thing in two.
The questions may have come vaguely in his mind.
Like a flash he launched himself into the feathered mass of the owl.
Ahead of them they saw a glimmer of sunshine.
Two gigantic owls were tearing at the carcass.
The big-eyed, clucking moose-birds were most annoying.
Next to them the Canada jays were most persistent.
For a time the exciting thrill of his adventure was gone.
He did not rush in.
It was edged with ice.
He drank of the water cautiously.
But a strange thing happened.
He began to follow the footprints of the dog.
Such a dog the wise driver kills, or turns loose.
Sometimes her dreams were filled with visions.
Thus had the raw wilderness prepared him for this day.
This concludes the Speech Recognition Background Information training session.